<!--#set var="title" value="SRCF Committee Meeting of 19 June 2023" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" -->
<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>
<p><strong>Venue:</strong> some bench on Parker's Piece</p>
<p><strong>In attendance:</strong></p>
<ul>
  <li>James Steiner (jas330, Chairman)</li>
  <li>Mathew Blowers (mb2528, Junior Treasurer)</li>
  <li>Nils André (na600, Secretary)</li>
  <li>Brychan Thomas (bt416, Publicity)</li>
</ul>
<h2>Bank account</h2>
<ol>
  <li>In order to have access to the bank account we need someone who is already on the mandate. The previous chair and
    junior treasurer are not on the mandate but Bob Dowling, the senior treasurer, should already be on the mandate.
  </li>
  <li>Mathew should email Bob Dowling to get that sorted. Whilst he's at it he should ask other questions. For example,
    it may be the case that the PayPal account can receive donations but not send money.</li>
  <li>We will want the bank account to be sorted by the time we re-register the society.</li>
</ol>
<h2>Fresher's Fair</h2>
<ol>
  <li>A stall needs to be booked, potentially at the beginning of September. Nils volunteered to book the stall. James
    expressed hope that the bank account will be accessible by then and mentioned awaiting reimbursement for the
    previous year's expenses.</li>
  <li>The committee should meet in September to organise the fresher's fair.</li>
  <li>There is already a poster from last year but flyers will need to be printed. Last year around 80 flyers were
    printed. 100 should be a safe number. Brychan points out he has £5 of credit at St Catharine's College and that it
    cost £0.10 per A4 page.</li>
  <li>The events that the society will run during the year need to be decided by then so they can be printed on the
    flyers. Those include fresher's squash and a hackday during Michaelmas term. Other events that can be considered are
    a trip to the computing museum and a hackday in Lent term but those are not as necessary to keep the society
    running. The committee has the whole summer to come up with event ideas but if left for later in the year, those
    events usually do not take place</li>
</ol>
<h2>Reunion dinner</h2>
<ol>
  <li>To celebrate the 25 years of the SRCF, a reunion dinner should be organised. One should have been organised for
    the 20th anniversary but nothing took place.</li>
  <li>The best time would probably be after exams.</li>
  <li>Attendees will pay for themselves as the "pockets [of the SRCF] don't run that deep".</li>
  <li>The venue should probably be more formal than a pub but a formal might be slightly expensive for all the
    attendees. After the dinner, the attendees could go to Parker's Piece or a pub.</li>
  <li>Previous committees, sysadmins, and donors (Brychan points out that the system that keeps track of donations
    stopped working at some point). Edwin (previous Chair and current sysadmin) should be able to advise on who to
    invite as well.</li>
  <li>A location and provisional date should be decided on so that an email can be sent to gage interest. Brychan
    volunteered to send the email.</li>
</ol>
<h2>Action points</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Mathew: Email Bob Dowling about bank account.</li>
  <li>Nils: Book a stall for the fresher's fair.</li>
  <li>All: schedule the next committee meeting to organise the fresher's fair.</li>
  <li>All: come up with event ideas.</li>
  <li>All: decide on a provisional date and venue for the reunion dinner.</li>
  <li>Brychan: email potential attendees of the reunion dinner to gage interest.</li>
</ul>
<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->
