<!--#set var="title" value="SRCF Committee Meeting of 24 September 2023" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" -->
<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>
<p><strong>Venue:</strong> Google Meet</p>
<p><strong>In attendance:</strong></p>
<ul>
  <li>James Steiner (jas330, Chairman)</li>
  <li>Mathew Blowers (mb2528, Junior Treasurer)</li>
  <li>Nils Andr√© (na600, Secretary)</li>
  <li>Brychan Thomas (bt416, Publicity)</li>
</ul>
<h2>Bank Mandate Authorization</h2>
<ol>
  <li>Resolved: a bank account or accounts be continued and the Bank is authorised to act on any Instructions provided
    they have been given solely by any one listed person in the Specimen Signature section.</li>
  <li>Resolved: any debt incurred to the Bank under this mandate shall, in the absence of written agreement by the Bank
    to the contrary, be repayable on demand.</li>
  <li>Resolved: the Secretary is authorised to supply the Bank, as and when necessary, with lists of all persons who are
    authorised to give instructions on behalf of the Society, and that the Bank may rely on such lists.</li>
  <li>Resolved: the Society accepts the account(s) and banking relationship with the Bank will be governed by and
    subject to the Business Banking Terms and Conditions (a copy of which has been provided) as amended from time to
    time, together with any terms and conditions in respect of specific products and services requested by the Society.
  </li>
  <li>Resolved: these resolutions be communicated to the Bank and remain in force until cancelled by notice in writing
    to the Bank, signed by the Chairperson or Secretary from time to time acting or claiming to act on behalf of the
    Society, and the Bank shall be entitled to act on such notice whether the resolutions have been validly cancelled or
    not.</li>
  <li>Resolved: internet banking and telephone banking should be set up with Mathew Blowers as the primary user.</li>
  <li>Resolved: the mandate will be signed by Bob Dowling, James Steiner, and Mathew Blowers.</li>
</ol>
<h2>Fresher's Fair Preparations</h2>
<ol>
  <li>Nils confirmed the booking of a standard indoor stall.</li>
  <li>The committee will use posters from the previous committee and flyers from previous years. These will be updated
    to include information on fresher's squash and hackday.</li>
  <li>Nils informed that PhD students can print for free at the CL.</li>
  <li>The committee agrees that ideally two people should be present at the stall at all times.</li>
</ol>
<h2>Action points</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Nils to connect the PhD student to SRCF for the purpose of printing promotional materials.</li>
  <li>SRCF members to be asked on Discord about their availability for hackday and optionally fresher's squash.</li>
  <li>Committee members to update their availability for the fresher's fair timetable.</li>
  <li>Investigate and book a location for the fresher's squash to accommodate approximately 15 people. Initial
    suggestion is the SU lounge.</li>
  <li>Plan the anniversary dinner.</li>
</ul>
<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->
