<!--#set var="title" value="SRCF Committee Meeting of 15 April 2023" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" -->
<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>
<p><strong>Venue:</strong> <a href="https://meet.jit.si/SRCF150323">https://meet.jit.si/SRCF150323</a></p>
<p><strong>In attendance:</strong></p>
<ul>
  <li>James Steiner (jas330, Chairman)</li>
  <li>Nils Andr√© (na600, Secretary)</li>
  <li>Brychan Thomas (bt416, Publicity)</li>
  <li>Tim Clifford</li>
</ul>
<h2>Upcoming tasks for the committee</h2>
<ol>
  <li>The committee should run a by-election to elect a junior treasurer. The previous committee didn't have a publicity
    officer and no by-election took place but as the role of junior treasurer is more important one should be held. No
    one on the committee expressed interest in assuming the role of junior treasurer.</li>
  <li>The society has most likely been de-registered as nothing has been communicated to the proctors. The new committee
    will need to re-register the society in October. This will require having access to the bank account which can be
    done by showing the minutes demonstrating that the junior treasurer, senior treasurer, and chair are on the mandate.
  </li>
</ol>
<h2><a href="https://wiki.executive.srcf.net/CommitteeHandoverProtocol">Committee handover protocol</a></h2>
<ol>
  <li>No one expressed interest in having emails redirected somewhere else than their @srcf.net email address.</li>
  <li>Tim notifies the secretary that the minutes will need to be added to the SRCF website and that one of the Wiki
    pages outlines how to.</li>
  <li>Brychan expresses interest in having access to the Facebook page for publicity reasons.</li>
  <li>In lack of a treasurer treasurer@ redirects to James. ~srcf/.forward will need to be updated once a junior
    treasurer is found.</li>
  <li>Tim was unable to update the CUSU societies directory as the link was dead and his phone ran out of battery makign
    him unable to pass 2FA.</li>
  <li>The IRC channel for the Committee is not bridged to discord. Last year if the Committee needed to communicate
    about things without sysadmins emails were used. It was recommended to reply promptly to emails or things would
    grind to a halt.</li>
  <li>Tim was unable to update the SRCF Accounts Google Doc because of 2FA.</li>
  <li>Brychan inquired about whether the committee was in touch with the previous publicity officer, David Bai. James
    informed him that they had never met David but that some of the sysadmins might know him.</li>
</ol>
<h2>Any other business</h2>
<ol>
  <li>The society will try to run one or two hack days and needs to organise fresher's fair. Tim noted that if the
    deadline to sign up for a stall at fresher's fair was missed, the society risked having a bad spot.</li>
</ol>
<h2>Action points</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Find a junior treasurer: reach out to potential candidates and send an email to announce the vacancy.</li>
  <li>Nils: upload the minutes for the AGM and this meeting.</li>
  <li>Tim: update CUSU Societies Directory.</li>
  <li>Tim: provide the Chair with access to the SRCF Accounts Google Doc.</li>
  <li>Tim: forward emails previously sent to @chair to James.</li>
  <li>Have another meeting to plan the fresher's fair and hackday.</li>
</ul>
<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->
