<!--#set var="title" value="SRCF Committee Meeting - 1 March 2023" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" -->
<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>
<h2>Held in Emmanuel College, St Andrew's Street, to discuss:</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Arranging AGM</li>
  <li>Donations</li>
</ul>
<h2>Present:</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Tim Clifford (<code>tc565</code>) &ndash; Chair</li>
  <li>James Steiner (<code>jas330</code>) &ndash; Secretary</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="agm">AGM</h2>
<p>
  Location: last year it was held in the SU lounge which offers free bookings. Alternatively the engineering department
  is suitable.
  The AGM needs to be held before the end of term (17th March) - provisionally we plan to hold it the weekend before
  this so Sunday 12th March 4pm (to be confirmed by sysadmins and other committee members), hopefully this will allow us
  to hold handover meetings before the end of term as well.
</p>
<h2 id="donations">Donations</h2>
<p>
  We received a donation for £400 (from Richard Asher) and were asked for a receipt for this - we don't have access to
  the bank account so can't confirm we've received this, we'll replay saying that we're working on gettingg access to
  the account. We also received £600 from Henry Couchy.
</p>
<h2 id="action">Action Points</h2>
<ul>
  <li> Fix bank account situation</li>
  <li> Confirm AGM time and location</li>
  <li> Talk about way to introduce new sysadmins at the AGM</li>
</ul>
<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->
